Rs/intro (#121)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/user-guide/deploying-deepsparse/google-cloud-run.mdx

Since DeepSparse runs on commodity CPUs, you can deploy DeepSparse on Cloud Run!

The DeepSparse GitHub repo contains a [guided example](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/examples/google-cloud-run) 
for deploying a DeepSparse Pipeline on GCP Cloud Run for the token classification task.

## Requirements

The listed steps can be easily completed using `Python` and `Bash`. The following tools, and libraries are also required:
* The [gcloud CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud)
* [Docker and the `docker` cli](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

**Before starting, replace the `billing_id` PLACEHOLDER with your own GCP billing ID at the bottom of the SparseRun class in the `endpoint.py` file. It should be alphanumeric and look something like this: `XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX`.**

**Your billing id can be found in the `BILLING` menu of your GCP console or you can run the following `gcloud` command to get a list of all of your billing ids:**

```bash
gcloud beta billing accounts list
```

## Installation
```bash
git clone https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse.git
cd deepsparse/examples/google-cloud-run
```

## Model Configuration

> The current server configuration is running `token classification`. To alter the model, task or other parameters (e.g., num. of cores, workers, routes, batch size etc.), please edit the `config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current server configuration is running `token classification`. To alter the model, task or other parameters (e.g., number of cores, workers, routes or batch size), edit the `config.yaml` file.
```
